### Roxanna Barahona
#### C  HW 3

1. What is a method?
- a method is an executable code that is a named sequence of statements.
- a name block of code that accepts outside value and returns values to the outside. You give it name so you can call it

2. (Not in book) What is the difference between a function and a procedure/subprocedure/subroutine?
- A function returns a values while a procedure executes a command. A procedure is a set of commands that can executed in order
- subroutine vs subprocedure:
-- subroutine calls are faster than subprocedure calls. They are defined near the top of the code either in the definition specification (d-sepc) or using DCL-S, DCL-C, and DCL-DS. they can be used in the main line section of the code and all subroutines
--subprocedures allows you to code variables in them and are only available to be used within that subprocedure.

3. What does a return statement do?
- a return statement ends the execution of a method and returns the control back to the calling method

4. What is an expression bodied method?
- they are a simplified form for methods that comprise a single expression - they return values

5. What is the scope of a variable?
- the location

6. What is an overloaded method?

- the technical term for declaring two or more methods with the same name in the same scope
- useful for cases in which you to perform the same action on arguments of different types

7. How do you call a method that requirements arguments?
- through parameter arrays (params keyword in combination with the object type)


8. How do you write a method, that is, specify the method definition, that requires a parameter list?
- you would use a parameter functions such as  params or you would define the parameter value
- parameters are required by default

9. How do you specify a parameter as optional when defining a method?
- optional parameters are defined at the end of the parameter list, after all required parameters*optmethod

10. How do you pass a argument to a method as a named parameter?
- you specify the name of the parameter, followed by a colon and the value to use.

11. How do you return values from a method? Can you return multiple values from a method, and if so,
how?
- yes, you can return multiple values in the form of tuples (rows), the use of out parameters has been simplified and switch statements have been extended to support pattern and type - matching


12. How does the compiler resolve an ambiguity between named arguments and optional parameters?
- it will not let you compile the application if this situation arise
