#### Roxanna Barahona
#### C_HW_09
#### February 11, 2020

1. What is an enum?
- the enum is a value type data type
- it is used to declare a list of named integer constants
- values are limited to symbolic names
- understand the concept of a symbolic constant
- its a name that you give a number

2. Declare an enum for military ranks, either officer or enlisted. Name it Ranks. What are the symbols,
like Private, Corporal, Sergeant or Lieutenant, Captain, Major?
- enum Ranks
{
  pvt, cpl, sgt, 2lt, 1lt, maj, ltc, col

}

3. Using the Ranks enum, assign a rank to yourself and a friend.
- ranks bob = ranks.pfc

4. Determine the numeric index of particular ranks, using the Ranks enum.
- enum
{
pvt, cpl, sgt
}
- pvt =0 cpl = 1 sgt = 2

5. How do you select the type of an enum?
- When declaring it, the enumeration literals are given values of type int (integer), or a short to save memory, or a byte, sbyte, ushort, uint, long, ulong.
- you do enum the variable name and a colon

6. What is a struct?
- structure can have its own fields, methods, and constructors.
- you use the struct keyword followed by the name of the type and
then enclose the body of the structure between opening and closing braces

7. List some differences between classes and structs.
- structs are value types whereas classes are reference types
- structs are stored on the stack while classes are stored on the heap
- a class combines methods and fields
- structs you cannot declare you own default constructor because a structure is that the compiler always generates one
- in a class you can initialize instance at the point of declaration, in a structure you cant.

8. Are structs stored on the stack or on the heap? What about enums?
- structs are stored on the stack, it is a value type. Enums are stored on the heap.
- tuples are actually examples of the System.ValueTuple structure. Rather more interestingly, in C#, the primitive numeric types int, long, and fl oat are aliases for the structures System.Int32, System.Int64, and System.Single, respectively. These

9. Review the documentation for the C# System.Int32 struct. List the fields. List the methods.
 - Methods:
 - Fields: "max value and min value"

10. Declare a struct named DOD with four branches.
-
struct DoD
{
  str Marines,
  str Army,
  str Navy,
  str AirForce
}

11. Why can’t you create a default constructor for a struct?
- This is because a structure is a value type and value types are initialized by a devalues value while the constructor is used for initializations. Structs cannot contain explicit constructors without parameters

12. What is CIL? What does the CLR do to the CIL?
- When compiling C# application, the compiler converts the C# code into a set of instructions using a pseudo-machine code the CIL. These are the instructions that are stored in an assembly.
-  When C# application is running, the CLR takes responsibility for converting the CIL instructions into real machine instructions that the processor on your computer can understand and execute.
- CLR runtime for .net
- JVM - runtime for java
