#### Roxanna Barahona
#### February 5 2020
#### HW: Ch 08-C

1. What is the difference between deep copy and shallow copy?
- deep copy: This approach is straightforward if all the private data consists of values, but if one or more fields are themselves reference types these reference types also need to provide a Clone method; otherwise, the Clone method of the Circle class will
simply copy a reference to these fields
- shallow copy: the clone method copies references hence only the memory address

2. What is the value of a reference after you declare and initialize it?
- Remember that to initialize a reference variable such as a class, you can create a new instance of the class and assign the reference variable to the new object,
- it is holding the memory address in space

3. How do you declare a value type?
- you must specify the type or use the var (or struct) keyword
- a value type is something like an int, double, float

4. How do you declare a reference type?
- you declare it by using the class keyword and the new keyword
- a reference type is a memory address that points to a location in the heap
- example: system.string, system.array

5. Does C# allow you to assign NULL to a value type?
 - No, because a reference may be a assigned null

6. Can you assign a nullable value type to a non-nullable variable of the same type? Why or why not?
- No you cannot assign it to a value type because null itself is a reference
- you use a ? to define that a variable is a nullable value type

7. What is the difference between the stack and the heap?
- Heap and stack are two places where an object can be stored.
- objects allocated on the stack are available only inside of a stack frame (Execution of a method), while objects on the heap can be accessed from anywhere
- a stack keeps track of what methods you call

8. What does it mean when we say that all classes are specialized types?
- it means that class is a specialized type used to encapsulate properties and behavior of an object
- it can created instances of objects  
- think of it as putting together products

9. What does ref do?
- a reference type is a memory address that points to a certain location on the heap.
- you make the types
- when you pass an argument to a method how is that argument passed to the method?
-- in C# Ordinarily, when you pass an argument to a method, the corresponding parameter is initialized with
a copy of the argument.

2 HW
6 , 7
labs
6, 7
1 quiz (maybe 2)
1 sql ex due monday
proejct step 4 due tuesday

- Ref is a keyword that you can prefix a parameter with so the C# compiler generates code that passes a reference to the actual argument rather than a copy of the argument

10. What does out do?
- the method itself  initializes the parameter.
- its short for output
- you prefix a parameter with the out keyword so that the parameter becomes an alias for the argument

11. Describe boxing and unboxing in your own words.
-Boxing is where you convert a value type to a reference type
- when you unbox you take the value that's on the heap and you assign it

12. What does cast do?
 - it tests to see whether it can convert
 - if you cast an integer to a float yo
