### Roxanna Barahona
#### HW Chp 4


1. What are all possible values of a Boolean expression?
* A boolean operator is an operator that performs a calculation whose result is either true or false


2. List eight Boolean operators.
- 1. == (equal to)
- 2. != (not equal to)
- 3. < less than
- 4. <= less than or equal to
- 5. '>' greater than
- 6. '>=' greater than or equal to
- 7. ''+'' addition
- 8. +++ pre-increment (unary)

3. What is the general concept of short circuiting? This question has a short and simple answer and you
do not need to have a detailed response.
- The operators that exhibit short-circuiting are && and ||. They are conditional logical AND operator and conditional logical OR operator
- it does not evaluate the right-hand operand if the left-hand evaluates true


4. What are the difference in how short circuiting works for && and ||?
- The result of x || y is true if either x or y evaluates to true. Otherwise, the result is false. If x evaluates to true, y is not evaluated

- The result of x && y is true if both x and y evaluate to true. Otherwise, the result is false. If x evaluates to false, y is not evaluated.

5. Look at the list of operators. What operator has the highest precedence? Which has the lowest?
- The primary category has the highest. this includes ()(precedence override), ++(post increment), and -- (post-decrement)
- the lowest precedence is the conditional AND and conditional OR assignment: && || =(assigns right hand operand to the left and returns the value that is assigned)

6. In an if or else construction using multiple lines of code, what effect does the use of curly braces have?
- the curly braces help to group the statements in a block. A block is sequence of statements

7. In a switch statement, what happens if you omit break?
- it will go on to the next statement until a break or end of the statement is reached

8. (Not in book) What is a recursive method? Using a language you know (such as English), write a recursive method that adds up the integers in a list of integers. The input to the method is a list of integers and the output is a scalar value representing a sum.
- A recursive method is a function that calls itself
void recurse()
{
recuse ();
}
int main()
{
  recurse ();
}
9. (Not in book) Read a short summary of De Morgan's laws.
(a) Explain how this statement, "It's not snowing or raining," is the same as this statement, "It's not
snowing and it's not raining."
- de morgans law applies to negation and logical expressions. If you negate two statements then you can apply that negation individually, making them both negated rather than negating them as a group/clusters.  Its not raining or snowing combines raining and snowing. Since both are combined and negated, they are equivalent to the next statement. The next statement negates them separately by distributing the negation .
(b) Explain how this statement, "I'm not running and walking," is the same as this statement, "I'm
not running or I'm not walking."
The same goes for this statement. I'm not running and walking negates both the action of running and the action of walking. Therefore, when you separate the verbs, it shows that you are neither walking or running.
