#### Roxanna Barahona
#### February 4, 2020
#### Ch 7 HW for C

1. What is a class? According to the book, what does a class "arrange?"
- Classes provide a convenient mechanism for modeling the entities manipulated by applications. An entity can be an item (noun) or something more abstract like a transaction.

2. What are the two purposes of encapsulation?
- to combine methods and data within a class in an effort to support classification
- to control the accessibility of the methods and data; to control the use of the class

3. How do you instantiate an instance of a class? How do you access that instance?
- Instantiate: you specify a generic type parameter. For example queue<int> myqueue = new queue<int>();
in order to create that new generic type you define the class by using a type parameter for example public class Tree<TItem>
- by creating an object you creat an instance of a class.
- Access: you access it through the constructor that initializes the new object
- through a period?

4. What is the default access of the fields and methods of a class? How do you change the default?
- They are private. You can change it from private to public but simply replacing the keyword private with public.

5. What is the syntax for writing a constructor?
- A constructor is a special method that runs automatically when you create and instance of a class. It can take parameters but cant return a value.
- you need to have 1. a public method that not does return a value and it the same name as the class

6. What is the difference between class fields and methods, and instancefields and methods? How do you
create classfields and methods?
- Class fields: this is a variable of any type that is declared directly in a class or struct. Fields are members of their containing type.
- Methods:
- Instance fields: These are specific to an instance of a type.

7. How do you bring a static class in scope? Why would you want to bring a static class in scope?
- you did this by the use of the keyword static in the using statements because you need to fully qualify the classes with their namespaces.
- purpose of a static class is purely to act as a holder of utility methods and fields.
- A static method does not depend on an instance of the class and it cannot access any instance fields or instance methods defined in the class/
- the keyword CONST will declare a field that is static and ensure that the value never changes

8. Can you think of a good reason to create an anonymous class? What is it?
- an anonymous class allows you encapsulate a set of read only properties into a single object without having to define a type first.
- they are used to return subquery data

9. What is polymorphism as this term is used in computer science? This is not in the book.
- polymorphism is the ability of a programming language to interpret objects in different ways based on their class or data type.

10. What is message passing as this term is used in computer science? This is not in the book.
- this is a type of communication between processes used in OOP. It is completed through functions, signals, and data packets.

11. What was thefirst object-oriented programming language?
- Simula

12. Consider this quote by Alexander Stepanov:
I find OOP technically unsound. It attempts to decompose the world in terms of interfaces that vary on a single type. To deal with the real problems you need multi-sorted algebras- families of interfaces that span multiple types. I find OOP philosophically unsound. It
claims that everything is an object. Even if it is true it is not very interesting | saying that everything is an object is saying nothing at all.

Who is Alexander Stephanov? What do you think about this quote?
- He is a Russian American computer programmer, who is best know as an advocate of generic programming and as the primary design and implementer of the C++ standard. I can see where Alexander is coming from but I disagree. I think OOP helps streamline computer programming. I think there is a reason it works and is able to build successfully therefore I do think the concept of objects works.
