

### Homework for C# chapter 1
#### Roxanna Barahona


1. What is a console app?

- a. A console app is an application that takes input and displays output at a command line console with access to three basic data streams: standard input, standard output, and error type. It does not have a graphical interface

2. What does Main() (the main method) do in a console application?
- a. This is the most common entry point of a C# program. When the application is started the Main method is the first method that is invoked. There can only be one entry point. Multiple entry points require a compiler. This is only true for a console application, a graphical application is different.
- b. A method is similar to an action. This method should be defined in a manner specified in the Program class as a static method.

3. What is the purpose of a namespace?
- a. A namespace helps create a container for items such as classes. It separates the classes. A namespace is a collection of resources

4. Describe specifically what using statements do.
- a. They bring a class into scope and omit the class name when accessing static members.
b. It provides a convenient syntax that ensures the correct use of idisposable objects. It contains the “using” keyword.

5. What is an assembly?
- a. When you compile a C# application, the compiler converts your C# code into instructions using a pseudo-machine code called the common intermediate language (CIL). These instructions are then stored in the assembly.
- b. an assembly is a collection of types and resources that are built to work together and form a logical unit of functionality. They take the form of .exe and .dll files and are the building blocks of .NET applications
- c. an assembly can contain many classes
- d. An assembly is a chunk of executable code

6. What is the relationship between an assembly and a namespace?
- a. A single assembly can contain classes defined in many namespaces, and a single namespace can space multiple assemblies. This means there is no relationship between the two.

7. What is a graphical app?
- a. A graphical application allows you the end user to interact with interface. Also called Universal Windows Platform (UWP) apps that function on any device that runs windows.

8. What is the starting point in a graphical application?
- a. - APP.XAML is the starting point
-- 1. start visual studio
-- 2. Go to the file menu and click new project
-- 3. click on installed node and click windows universal
-- 4. click Blank app (universal windows) icon

9. What does Build do?
- a. It compiles the code. The compiler translates the code into the OS’ language so the computer can understand it.
- b. uses source files

10. (Not in book) What is bytecode? What is Microsoft CIL? Do you think that CIL is bytecode? Why or why not?
- a. Bytecode is the term given to intermediate assembly languages
- b. CIL= Common Intermediate Language
- c. Yes I believe that CIL is a bytecode because it is an object-oriented, stack-based bytecode. This is Microsoft's version

11. What does Debug do?
- a. It is the process of identifying/finding errors. Debug compiles each line and runs it line by line.
