#### Roxanna Barahona
#### C_HW_10
#### February 12, 2020

Answer the discussion questions in writing.
1. What does an array look like in memory?
 - an array is an unordered sequence of items. All the items in an array have the same type.
 - the items in an array live in a contagious block of memory and are accessed by using an index,  unlike field in a structure or class, which are accessed by name.
- an array is a continuous block of memory on the heap

2. Where is memory allocated to hold an array, on the stack or on the heap?
 - the array is located on the heap even if it contains a value type such as int

3. Where is memory allocated to hold an array reference, on the stack or on the heap?
 - it is located on the stack because it refers to a contiguous block of memory holding the array elements on the heap, just as a class variable refers to an object on the heap.

4. Can an array hold values of different types? This is a trick question, the answer is, “It depends.” What
determines the types that an array can hold?
 - it depends on the initialization and whether or not the compiler will convert the many types
 - if an array cannot hold elements it is because the elements must be the same size and type. so if you have an integer array you cannot include a double
 - when you access the array type it multiplies it by the offset and thats how it knows where to go
- ordinarily the rule is that an array can only contain objects of the same type

5. Describe the syntax of the condition for a foreach loop.
 - the foreach statement declares an iteration variable that automatically acquires the value of each element in the array
 - it always iterates from 0 through index length - 1
- foreach(int e in myArray);

6. How do you make a deep copy of a array?
 - in order to make a copy of the array instance you create a new array instance of the same type and same length as the array you are copying
 - second, you copy the data from the original array element by element to the new array
 - you can use the copy to method

7. What is the difference in the syntax between a multi-dimensional array and an array of arrays?
 - multidimensional array: has more than one lists of a value. You specify multiple indexes. The data is stored in tabular form (row * column) which is also known as matrix. To create multidimensional array, we need to use comma inside the square brackets
 - array of arrays (guess: It is an array that contains a master list of all the other arrays). instead of being a two - dimensional array, it has only a single dimension but the elements in the array are arrays themselves. A jagged array is an array whose elements are arrays. The elements of a jagged array can be of different dimensions and sizes.

8. What is the difference in the uses for a multi-dimensional array and an array of arrays? In other words, what determines whether you would use one as opposed to the other?
 - You would use a multidimensional array when you need to have different lists with unique values
- in a multidimensional array each element is ...

9. How do you “flatten” a multidimensional array? In other words, take something that looks like a
matrix
1 2 3
4 5 6
7 8 9
 and turn it into an array [1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9]? Write the code to do this in English.
 - you would write a nested loop
 - for (each element in the outter array)
    for (each element in the innter arra)
      print (outerArray(innerArray));

10. (Thought question) When we use a for loop, we can change the values of the array elements inside
the loop. When we use a foreach loop, we cannot change the values of the array elements inside the
loop. Why not? How is for different from foreach?
- for loop is difference than foreach b/c you give it a reference and it automatically follows the reference
-  foreach loop is a shortcut, you give it a value of the reference rather than the reference. foreach loop is a a read-only because you have to change the value
