#### Roxanna Barahona
#### HW_11
#### February 19, 2020


Answer the discussion questions in writing.
1. What is a parameter array?
- A Parameter array allows you to pass a variable number of arguments to a method

2. How do you define a method that takes an arbitrary number of arguments?

- you indicate a params array by using the params keyword

3. How do you call a method that takes an arbitrary number of arguments?
- public static int Min(int[] paramList) , int min = Util.Min(new int[] {first, second, third});, you can use the key word MIN

4. Why can’t you use an array to pass an arbitrary number of arguments to a method?
- You can’t use the params keyword with multidimensional arrays.
- you can’t overload a method based solely on the params keyword. The params keyword does not form part of a method’s signature.

- when you define a array you have to define a fixed size.

5. How many parameters can a method have?
- You can have only one params array per method.

6. Do parameter arguments have to have the same type?
-	NO, Overloading a method is very useful for cases in which you want to perform the same action on arguments of different types.
- it will automatically go into an object arrray
-	Black.Hole

7. What is the difference between a method that takes a parameter argument and one that takes optional
arguments?
- Generally, you use parameter arrays for methods that can take any number of parameters (including none), whereas you use optional parameters only where it is not convenient to force a caller to provide an argument for every parameter.

8. How do you define a method that takes different (and arbitrary) types of arguments?
-	Parameter array effectively has a completely arbitrary list of parameters

9. Write a method that accepts any number of arguments of a given type.
-	someType Method(params bool[] flags){. ..}

10. Write a method that accepts any number of arguments of any type.
-	someType Method(params object[] paramList)
{ ...}
