#### Roxanna Barahona
#### CH_12
#### February 20, 2020
#### Answer the discussion questions in writing.

1. How does inheritance promote the principle of don’t repeat yourself (DRY)?
- it allows you to declare a class that is closely similar to another class (for example a class dog and a class for mammal)

2. What is the syntax of a derived class that inherits from a base class?
class DerivedClass : BaseClass
{
...
}


3. Do all user defined types (classes and structs) inherit from some base class? If so, what is it?
 - a derived class inherits from the base class and the methods in the base class become part of the derived class

4. What happens if you do not have a default constructor in a base class when creating a derived class?
- the compiler will automatically generate one for you

5. Can you assign a variable of a derived class to another variable of its base class? Why or why not?
- yes you can because the base class will inherit from the class anyways

6. Can you assign a variable of a derived class to another variable of a derived class of its base class?
Why or why not?
- yes as long as it is logically inherited
- uses as, is, or cast

7. Can you assign a variable of a base class to another variable of a derived class? Why or why not?
- yes as long as it is logically inherited
- uses as, is, or cast

8. Under what circumstances would you want to use the new keyword when defining a method in a derived class?
 - if you want two different methods to have the same signature

9. What is a virtual method? Why would you want to define a virtual method?
- a method that is intended to be overridden.

10. What does override do? Why does it do it?
- Overriding a method is a mechanism for
providing different implementations of the same method—the methods are all related because they are intended to perform the same task,

11. How do you define an extension type?
- it is a static method of a static class where the this modifier is applied to the first parameter

12. Why do you define an extension type?
- so that it is within the scope

13. (Not in book) Explain the Liskov substitution principle
- this is a concept of object oriented programming that states: Functions that use pointers or references to base classes must be able to use objects of derived classes without knowing it.
