#### Roxanna Barahona
##### HW Ch 6

1. What is an exception?
- Exceptions are used to signal that an error has occurred by using the try, catch, and finally statements to catch and handle the errors that these exceptions represent.

2. What happens in a try block if the program executes without errors?
- a try is a C# keyword. when the code runs, it attempts to execute all the statements in the try block, and if none of the statements generates an exception then they all run, one after the other until completed.
- if there is an error the execution jumps out of the try block and into another piece of code designed to catch and the handle the exception : catch handler.  

3. How does the catch mechanism work for unhandled exceptions?
- A catch handler is intended to capture and handle a specific type of
exception, and you can have multiple catch handlers after a try block, each one designed to trap and process a specific exception.

4. What happens in a program if an exception block fails to handle a particular error?
- if there is no matching catch handler, the calling method immediately exits, and
execution returns to its caller, where the process is repeated.
- If a matching catch handler is eventually found, the handler runs and execution continues with the first statement that follows the catch handler in the catching method.

5. What is the parent class for all exceptions? How does this work?
- The parent class is the exception class.
- 1. Exceptions
- 2. SystemException
- 3. FormatException
- 4. OverflowException

6. How do you determine the type of an error?
- you base it off of the inheritance hierarchy (overflowexception, formatexception, systemexception)

7. What is the purpose of integer checking?
- you can use the checked and unchecked keywords to turn on and off integer arithmetic overflow checking in parts of an application that you think need it. It helps make sure that the range values are not surpassed.

8. What is the range of values than a signed Int32 type can contain? State the lowest value and the highest value.
- 32 bits = 4 bytes
- Range of values: -2,147,483,648 to 2147483647.

9. What is the range of values than an unsigned Int32 type can contain? State the lowest value and the highest value. What is the difference between a signed integer and an unsigned integer? Can signed integers and unsigned integers represent the same amount of numbers?
- 0 to 4,294,967,295

10. What does the finally block do?
- A finally block ensures that a statement will always run, whether or not an exception is thrown.

11. (Thought question) When would you not use the finally block in a try/catch construction?
- when catch blocks are sufficient.
